#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip smallskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section*
People Re-identification using Deep Convolutional Neural Network
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
Guanwen Zhang, Jien Kato, Yu Wang and Kenji Mase
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Creating a deep CNN to integrate feature learning and re-identification
 into one framework.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Normal activation functions are replaced in this case by linear SVMs.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Don't learn cross-entropy loss, use margin based loss to measure similarity
 of pair being compared.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Most studies on person re-identification mainly focus on analyzing the people
 appearance, with the acceptable assumption that people will not change
 their clothing during the observation period.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There are three kinds of contribution in this paper: (1) we proposed a simple
 architecture of deep CNN for people re-identification problem that has
 not been addressed before; (2) we introduced linear SVM on the top of the
 network to measure the ranking comparison that is needed by people re-identific
ation; (3) we gave a detailed discussion about the limitation of using deep
 learning in re-identification problem and the potential for further improvement.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
SVM is placed 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

on top
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 of the network, rather than at every neuron as the earlier discription
 as activation functions may seem to suggest.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Full network of CNN nodes given in paper.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Problem with training exists as predicted due to the fact that it has to
 be trained first, this method does not seem to be conducive to live training,
 but if we could get a sufficiently varied sample of people then could potential
ly train it ourselves??
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
They use PSD unsupervised learning as well as dropout on some layers to
 try and prevent overfitting but it is still present, this is the reported
 issue why the performace is limited compared to the state of the art in
 colour.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
They used pre-existing datasets of different people encountered in other
 papers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
How to find a good feature representation to bridge the “gap” between appearance
s of the same people is a very challenging task.
 Existing methods either employ hand craft features or use machine learning
 method with existing features to form a specific representation.
 However, there are a lot of uncertainty in these methods due to human factors
 and specific applications.
 Deep learning, with ability to learn a proper feature representation from
 the bottom of the raw images, seems to be a promising solution for the
 people re-identification tasks.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
